hey what's up everybody little blood 701
here I'm gonna show you guys a quick
little preview of a clip where I got my
damage pretty high you need you need one
that shows up on your teammates I'm just
gonna keep running it and just change to
a different one now dude I'm at one
point seven six million 1 million seven
hundred sixty-eight thousand look you
guys carry this is just a combination
like 25 stacks five stacks of frenzy and
fifty percent increase on the will wrath
of a zerker and the fifteen percent on
battle rage man that's beautiful hey
what's up guys i'm going to show you now
if you want to stick around i'm going to
show you my gear i'm going to show you
everything I got I'm also going to show
you my abilities in ruins so if you want
to see that stick around otherwise
thanks for watching and doses but ok so
here we go i'm going to show you quick
hear what my skills are frenzy with
maniac hammering inches of smash wrath
of a zerker insanity avalanche checked
on the grift battle rage martyrs rage
whore cry veterans warning okay tana
passive this is our important Rampage is
amazing weapon masters amazing the other
two don't don't really matter that much
as far as damage goes uh ok so my gear
right now i'm rocking 21 handers there
almost 2k dps each with 125 critical hit
damage obviously strength on both boots
are old pants or nothing special ring
strength vitality critical it damaged
crit on both rings pretty much same
rings but not much you can do on the
belt strength vitality percent life
gloves critical hit chance critical it
damaged strength vitality bracers crib
strength vitality chest i put 220
strange for 20 straight to 20 vitality a
lot of strength and strains vitality
percent life neck strength vitality
critical hit damage and helmet
critically a chance attack speed
strength vitality my gear with my battle
raged on afraid to put it up for fear
and how to pull up but battle rage album
at 700
49,000 damage or something for a second
but in the clip I'm about to show you i
have up over one point almost 1.8
million damage it would be right now
because I got these new gems and I got a
new weapon as well so my damage would be
up at over 1.8 million so that's like
the highest damage i've ever seen i
don't know if you guys can beat that
leaving the comments below yeah other
than that i'll show you guys my paragon
quick core going for strength offense
critical hit chance i change between
these two depending on which one affects
my dps more defense resistol and utility
life on hit that's pretty much
everything i'll show you that quick clip
it's a little bit outdated but highest
dps i have ever seen and holding tough
at 14 mil toughness so thank you guys
and stay tuned everybody if you like
like it comment subscribe thanks for
watching everybody deuces